Adding documentation for activateService action on organization (#12362)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/organization-activateservice.md

| Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.ReadWrite.All|
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not Supported. |
| Application | Directory.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /organization/{organizationId}/activateService
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [activateService](../resources/activateService.md) object.
You must define **service** or (**servicePlanId** _and_ **skuId**) for this action to be valid.

| Property         | Type         | Description                           |
| ----------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| service| String | The name of the service to activate. |
| servicePlanId | Guid | The plan identifier of the service plan to activate. |
| skuId | Guid | The SKU identifier of the service plan. |

## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "organization_activateservice"
}
-->

> ``` http
> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/organization/{:organizationId}/activateService
> Content-Type: application/json
> 
> {
>     "skuId": "6fd2c87f-b296-42f0-b197-1e91e994b900",
>     "servicePlanId": "a23b959c-7ce8-4e57-9140-b90eb88a9e97"
> }
> 
> ### Response
> <!-- {
>   "blockType": "response",
>   "truncated": true
> }
> -->
> ``` http
> HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/organization/{:organizationId}/activateService
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "skuId": "6fd2c87f-b296-42f0-b197-1e91e994b900",
    "servicePlanId": "a23b959c-7ce8-4e57-9140-b90eb88a9e97"
}
```

### Response
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```
```

---
title: "organization: activateService"
description: "Activates a service for an organization."
author: "dkershaw10"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# organization: activateService

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> ## Description

Reviewer 2: Please remove this non-standard H2 heading. API and resource topics should adhere to the structure that is output by the tool. The text that follows the namespace and beta disclaimer should be the summary description of the resource or API (not a heading - stacked headings are bad for SEO).

Author: Updated

> The **activateService** action is used to activate a service for an organization.

Reviewer 2: We don't repeat the name of the entity in the summary statement. For APIs, the summary starts with an imperative verb. Please revise as "Activate a service for an organization." You might want to link to the organization resource as well.

Author: Updated

| Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.ReadWrite.All|
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not Supported. |
| Application | Directory.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /organization/{organizationId}/activateService
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [activateService](../resources/activateService.md) object.
You must define **service** or (**servicePlanId** _and_ **skuId**) for this action to be valid.

| Property         | Type         | Description                           |
| ----------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| service| String | The name of the service to activate. |
| servicePlanId | Guid | The plan identifier of the service plan to activate. |
| skuId | Guid | The SKU identifier of the service plan. |

## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "organization_activateservice"
}
-->

> ``` http
> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/organization/{:organizationId}/activateService
> Content-Type: application/json
> 
> {
>     "skuId": "6fd2c87f-b296-42f0-b197-1e91e994b900",
>     "servicePlanId": "a23b959c-7ce8-4e57-9140-b90eb88a9e97"
> }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/organization/{:organizationId}/activateService
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "skuId": "6fd2c87f-b296-42f0-b197-1e91e994b900",
    "servicePlanId": "a23b959c-7ce8-4e57-9140-b90eb88a9e97"
}
``` 
```

---

# organization: activateService

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

## Description

The **activateService** action is used to activate a service for an organization.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

In order to activate a service for an organization the requestor needs to have the _Company Administrator_ role with the following permissions.

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
| :--- | :--- |
| Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.ReadWrite.All|
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not Supported. |
| Application | Directory.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /organization/{organizationId}/activateService
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [activateService](../resources/activateService.md) object.

> At least one property must be defined for this action to be valid. There are three possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three properties are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Author: I see it as three cases:
1. `service`
2. `servicePlanId` && `skuId`
3. `service`, `servicePlanId` and `skuid` (this internally resolves to (`servicePlanId` && `skuId`)

It all depends on whether we want to see the third option as a case or not.

> At least one property must be defined for this action to be valid. There are three possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three properties are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Reviewer 3: @davidmu1 do you have advice here?

> At least one property must be defined for this action to be valid. There are three possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three properties are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must define **service** or **servicePlanId** _and_ **skuId** for this action to be valid.
```

> At least one property must be defined for this action to be valid. There are three possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three properties are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Author: Based on @FaithOmbongi 's suggestion I have changed it to read this way: 

You must define **service** or **servicePlanId** _and_ **skuId** for this action to be valid.

---
title: "organization: activateService"
description: "Activates a service for an organization."
author: "dkershaw10"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# organization: activateService

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

## Description

> The **activateService** object  is used to activate a service for an organization. This operation requires administrator privileges to run.

Reviewer: Since there are different administrator types in Azure AD, specify the administrator type. Example, "The requestor needs to have one of the following roles: _Global Administrator_ or _Groups Administrator_.". Then, move this statement just below the permissions table.
```suggestion
The **activateService** object  is used to activate a service for an organization.
```

> The **activateService** object  is used to activate a service for an organization. This operation requires administrator privileges to run.

Reviewer 3: ActivateService is an action, not an object. Also there is a double space which should be a single space.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
| :--- | :--- |
| Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.ReadWriteAdvanced.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not Supported. |

> | Application | Directory.ReadWriteAdvanced.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|

Reviewer: _Directory.ReadWriteAdvanced.All_ looks like an undocumented permission. Please document it in the permissions reference and add the changelog entry.

Author: @FaithOmbongi we have realized that this permission is not yet exposed and have removed it from the documentation for now. The other permission should be sufficuent.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /organization/{organizationId}/activateService
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [activateService](../resources/activateService.md) object.

> At least one parameter must be defined for this action to be valid. There are three possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three parameters are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Reviewer 4: They are properties not parameters.

> ### Parameters

Reviewer 4: This heading isn't needed.

| Parameter         | Type         | Description                           |
| ----------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| service| Edm.String | The name of the service to activate. |
| servicePlanId | Edm.Guid | The plan identifier of the service plan to activate. |
| skuId | Guid | The SKU identifier of the service plan. |

## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "organization_activateservice"
}
-->
``` http

> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/organization/72f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47/activateService

Reviewer 3: {organizationId} instead of the GUID

Content-Type: application/json
{
    "skuId": "6fd2c87f-b296-42f0-b197-1e91e994b900",
    "servicePlanId": "a23b959c-7ce8-4e57-9140-b90eb88a9e97"
}
```

### Response

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

Reviewer: Not required with a 204.
```suggestion
```

---
title: "organization: activateService"

> description: "`activateService` is used to activate a given service for an organization and will require admin privileges to run."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
description: "Activates a service for an organization."
```

author: "dkershaw10"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# organization: activateService

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

## Description

> `activateService` is used to activate a given service for an organization and will require admin privileges to run.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The **activateService** object  is used to activate a service for an organization. This operation requires administrator privileges to run.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> |Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
```

| :--- | :--- |
| Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWriteAdvanced.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not Supported. |

> | Application | Directory.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWriteAdvanced.All |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Application | Directory.ReadWriteAdvanced.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All|
```

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /organization/{organizationId}/activateService
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

> In the request body, supply JSON representation of the parameters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [activateService](../resources/activateService) object.
```

> At least one parameter must be defined for this action to be valid. There are two possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three parameters are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Author: Yes this is correct. When the last choice is given then it resolves to the second choice.

> At least one parameter must be defined for this action to be valid. There are two possible cases: You could have `service` or (`servicePlanId` and `skuId`). If all three parameters are defined, then the `servicePlanId` and `skuId` takes precedence.

Author: I understand what you mean here, indeed there are three acceptable cases.

### Parameters

> | Parameter         | Type         | Required? | Description                           |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Parameter         | Type         | Description                           |
```

> | ----------------- | ------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------- |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| ----------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------- |
```

> | `service` | `Edm.String` | False     | Name of the service to activate       |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| service`| Edm.String | The name of the service to activate. |
```

> | `servicePlanId`   | `Edm.Guid`   | False     | PlanId of the ServicePlan to activate |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| servicePlanId | Edm.Guid | The plan identifier of the service plan to activate. |
```

> | `skuId`           | `Guid`       | False     | SkuId of SKU the service plan is on   |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| skuId | Guid | The SKU identifier of the service plan. |
```

## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "organization_activateservice"
}
-->
``` http

> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/organization/{organizationId}/activateService

Reviewer 4: Please provide a real looking identifier instead of the placeholder {organizationId}.

Content-Type: application/json

> Content-length: 150

Reviewer 4: Please remove: "Content-length: 150"
